net.pbrennan.AndroidPercentageGadget.About
net.pbrennan.AndroidPercentageGadget.About: About()
net.pbrennan.AndroidPercentageGadget.About: void onClick(android.view.View)
net.pbrennan.AndroidPercentageGadget.AndroidPercentageGadget
net.pbrennan.AndroidPercentageGadget.AndroidPercentageGadget: AndroidPercentageGadget()
net.pbrennan.AndroidPercentageGadget.Help
net.pbrennan.AndroidPercentageGadget.Help: Help()
net.pbrennan.AndroidPercentageGadget.Help: void onClick(android.view.View)
net.pbrennan.AndroidPercentageGadget.R$animator: int gadget_animator
net.pbrennan.AndroidPercentageGadget.R$drawable: int active
net.pbrennan.AndroidPercentageGadget.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
net.pbrennan.AndroidPercentageGadget.R$drawable: int icon
net.pbrennan.AndroidPercentageGadget.R$drawable: int inactive
net.pbrennan.AndroidPercentageGadget.R$id: int AboutLabel
net.pbrennan.AndroidPercentageGadget.R$id: int ButtonOK
net.pbrennan.AndroidPercentageGadget.R$id: int ExplanationLabel
net.pbrennan.AndroidPercentageGadget.R$id: int HelpLabel
net.pbrennan.AndroidPercentageGadget.R$id: int Label_number_entry
net.pbrennan.AndroidPercentageGadget.R$id: int Label_number_product
net.pbrennan.AndroidPercentageGadget.R$id: int Label_percent_entry
net.pbrennan.AndroidPercentageGadget.R$id: int PercentField
net.pbrennan.AndroidPercentageGadget.R$id: int ProductField
net.pbrennan.AndroidPercentageGadget.R$id: int TableLayout_entryFields
net.pbrennan.AndroidPercentageGadget.R$id: int TableRow_numberEntry
net.pbrennan.AndroidPercentageGadget.R$id: int TableRow_percent_entry
net.pbrennan.AndroidPercentageGadget.R$id: int TableRow_product_entry
net.pbrennan.AndroidPercentageGadget.R$id: int ValueField
net.pbrennan.AndroidPercentageGadget.R$layout: int about
net.pbrennan.AndroidPercentageGadget.R$layout: int help
net.pbrennan.AndroidPercentageGadget.R$layout: int main
net.pbrennan.AndroidPercentageGadget.R$string: int AboutLabelText
net.pbrennan.AndroidPercentageGadget.R$string: int AboutText
net.pbrennan.AndroidPercentageGadget.R$string: int AboutThisApp
net.pbrennan.AndroidPercentageGadget.R$string: int Explanation
net.pbrennan.AndroidPercentageGadget.R$string: int HelpLabelText
net.pbrennan.AndroidPercentageGadget.R$string: int HelpMe
net.pbrennan.AndroidPercentageGadget.R$string: int LongerExplanation
net.pbrennan.AndroidPercentageGadget.R$string: int app_name
net.pbrennan.AndroidPercentageGadget.R$string: int equals
net.pbrennan.AndroidPercentageGadget.R$string: int of
net.pbrennan.AndroidPercentageGadget.R$string: int percentage_of
